---
title: About
description: Developer and art director based in Nice, France. With over 6 years
  of experience in the field, I enjoy blending beauty, design and technology to
  create unique, bespoke web experiences that exceed my clients' expectations.
---

::about
#title
About me

#subtitle
Hi I am Jonas

#intro
I am a PhD Student based in Aachen, Germany.

I work in the exciting interdisciplinary field of Medical Informatics. I use advanced Machine Learning methods / Artificial Intelligence for making scientific progress that eventually may help improve patient care.

I am excited about the new developments in the field of AI, particularly Large Language Models that offer a great possibility to incorporate more patient data and thereby improve ML systems in clinical settings. On my blog I would like to share my projects and talk about the latest developments in the field of AI in Medicine.

In my free time I love to do Sports. I play Football for a local team, I love running and going to the gym. I am also passionate about healthy and sustainable, plant-based nutrition. Finally, I am also open to meet new people and exchange ideas. Feel free to contact me!

#experiences
  :::experiences
  ---
  experiences:
    - title: PhD Student in Medical Informatics
      where: RWTH Aachen University, Germany
      date: 2023 - Today
    - title: Master Cardiovascular Science
      where: Georg-August-University Göttingen, Germany
      date: 2020 - 2023
    - title: Bachelor Biomedical Sciences
      where: Maastricht University, Netherlands
      date: 2017-2020
  ---
  :::

#stack

#stack_title
My Skills

#stack_description
Some of the software and technologies I use
::